text/womens-football-project-page.md, before:

<!-- Title -->

# Women's Football website

<!-- Headline -->

## For visibility, worship and API practice

<!-- Body -->

### Why have I built it

Team work, strategy, and a clear objective. The way these aspects can apply both to football itself and to this project is almost a coincidence, but I thought this could be a good way to start talking about the Women's Football website.

Although I was still coding on my own at the time, for this project I wanted to explore having a predifined and more ambitious end-goal, and then also committing to organize my work using a [Trello board](https://trello.com/b/rYfBu3Yf/wf-website-revamp).

### The concept

<!--Use React to create a website that would engage visitors into wanting to learn more about a relevant women's football event. -->

As this was a project I started after learning React, one of the first requirements I set was that it had to have interactive content. 

The 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup had just been on and with more and more people (finally) giving the women's game a bit of attention I thought it could be a cool idea to let visitors search for different countries and learn how they did on the tournament.

I was also dreaming high in terms of maybe being able to set up a simple database to pull this information from; and in terms of API, having curated news and displaying live game *scores*.

Basically an all-in-one website with everything you needed to know about women's football.

### Down to code

<!--Using API and an online JSON storage to display curated content about the women's game. -->

Commit message:

Added new section and validated some terms

text/womens-football-project-page.md, after:

<!-- Title -->

# Women's Football website

<!-- Headline -->

## For visibility, worship and API practice

<!-- Body -->

### Why have I built it

Team work, strategy, and a clear objective. The way these aspects can apply both to football itself and to this project is almost a coincidence, but I thought this could be a good way to start talking about the Women's Football website.

Although I was still coding on my own at the time, for this project I wanted to explore having a predifined and more ambitious end-goal, and then also committing to organize my work using a [Trello board](https://trello.com/b/rYfBu3Yf/wf-website-revamp).

### The concept

<!--Use React to create a website that would engage visitors into wanting to learn more about a relevant women's football event. -->

As this was a project I started after learning React, one of the first requirements I set was that it had to have interactive content. 

The 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup had just been on and with more and more people (finally) giving the women's game a bit of attention I thought it could be a cool idea to let visitors search for different countries and learn how they did on the tournament.

I was also dreaming high in terms of maybe being able to set up a simple database to pull this information from; and in terms of API, having curated news and displaying live game scores.

Basically an all-in-one website with everything you needed to know about women's football.

### Down to code

<!--Using API and an online JSON storage to display curated content about the women's game. -->

After searching for database and API options and documenting the information on Trello cards, I soon noticed I would have to change the approach for some of the intended features. The API for live scores was paid, so this one was removed, and what I implemented in the end was only the curated news and the FIFA world cup interactive search.

To fetch specific info depending on the country, I used an online JSON storage that supported http calls. This way I could manage the content directly on the JSON object and continue to use Axios to get the information. As soon as the response is captured from the storage, a piece of code can map its atributes to the values I displayed on screen.
